Yeah.
And this conveys the recursive approach, right?
And in that also what we can do is let's write a function called this palindrome.
And in that we will simply say, okay, so it will check whether something is a palindrome or not.
And let's say the substring starts are dying and today this will be nothing.
But we already discussed this part that.
The insides of this substring should be a palindrome.
Oh, yeah.
A plus one and minus one.
That means a substring.
If a substring from outward is a palindrome, the inside stink should also be a palindrome.
Right.
And.
The second condition is that this ice should be equal to the sea.
Ice should be equal to.
As you.
Input aid on the basis of this.
What we'll do is we will simply put it out and let's take it.
Well, uh, yeah.
In this case, the minimum will be zero.
Let's check for if we initially were to have I'll take thing as an input etch and the solution and here
it will be nothing but in resulting in which is the minimum instead of saying let's see out each document
correctly and uh.
It's.
As.
It's as okay this as is because we have to use it.
Return let's read up on single day violence.
Pass the index zero.
Do it.
Well, I have this function d b in which I will have some particular index on which I am.
We can alter quality.
Now let's write.
Let's find out the substance.
Right.
So what we're doing will soon starting in the point a g.
It starts from I.
It will go till less then as third size.
And it will simply say.
It will simply check whether it is a palindrome or not.
It will simply check whether it's palindrome from a G.
And how will you check whether it is a printer or not?
We'll have another function.
Let's make another function called.
All is palindrome.
And we all know how we defined this radical installation here, which is nothing but a.
It's palindrome.
Okay.
Let me quickly write it that it will simply return.
Whether I plus one to J minus one is also a palindrome, and as size equals to issue eight.
If say the base cases for this if I equals today, it is simply a.
It is simply too late.
But if ice equals two j minus one, that means if they are consecutive, then we'll simply return whether
size equals to SGA or not.
Well.
So.
Right now, it is still a.
Because the function I want memories this palindromic function right so let me right memorization is
needed.
More easing is needed.
And after that, basically what it is, it is wonderful to be inside it, to really be made.
Okay.
We will check that later.
So right now, what I've got I've got that.
Yes, there's a palindrome from I do g what is implicit I will say go and tell me the minimum number
of palindromes from the string J plus one Thailand eight and whatever the minimum that I receive, I'll
just add plus one after it.
Well.
So here, let me quickly take some answer value, which is in the worst case, let's say.
And minus one or it's take any maximal.
It doesn't matter so and then will simply take a minimum of all those deep values and whatever is the
minimum that I've got.
I'd simply add one here plus equals to it.
And what's the base case?
Base cases simple indicate that it is, as George says.
Then I'll simply return zero in because we have an empty string and we don't want to have some partitions.
So right now what is the situation?
Okay, let me quickly build it and let's see what we are getting and we will discuss it.
Okay.
Use of undeclared and indifferent i.
To make your day only then overindex.
So here you can see what we have got.
We have got up to date, but the output should be one rate of what is this two giving me is two is giving
me that.
What are the total partitions rate?
If I have no partitions, then what will be the answer?
The minimum number of cards which are required right now we are getting minimum number of partitions,
right?
So the minimum number of cards will be answer minus one.
So instead of putting on three over here, let's just say DP zero, minus one.
But I know we have now we have the correct answer.
I was just giving you partition aid.
So, yeah.
So now let me quickly memo.
Is this above solution as well as this one?
So here you can see that it's a 2D solution, which is.
But tell me about this thing I do, J.R., palindrome or not later will just simply memorize it.
Well, we already know how to memorize this solution, which is a vector vector memo and it's midi size
it.
Memo and.
As start size.
My mom, Victor and.
Esther sighs.
Yeah.
And shared space from a minus one.
And this is a memo that this is.
I would say they're delighted to see so many rules inside that island of activities filled with minus
one, which also had these many islands cool and in play.
What we'll do is we'll simply see.
That.
If my mom.
Okay.
Let's do this.
After the cases if memo I did not equal to minus one written memo e.g. I'm doing this to avoid recommendations,
to avoid recalculations in writing programming.
We all know how and why memorization is useful.
So this is palindromic.
And we have on end.
And I think, yeah, this should work well and.
This is one memorization.
Now you know that this is another function which is giving me minimum partitions.
Eight even I need to memorize it itself.
Why?
Because you can easily see that there will be many overlapping problems.
Because we can region state a room many different ways.
So let me just memorize it again.
And for that, what we can do is we can take.
And the Richter.
Let's call it memo one.
And let me say, is it more dark?
The side is.
And start size and you Charlottesville it one minus one.
So what we can see if my.
When I.
Okay.
It's memo one.
I.
If it is not equal to minus one, then return.
Memo.
One I advise.
Okay.
Something missing?
Meredith says, okay, it's the size.
So give me a good one.
So now let's find figure out the complexity of this solution.
So I'm calling Mingo Martins.
Mingo doing nothing is deciding to vectors, to not be complicated involved.
And now we can see that we have a basically this function will calculate everything once.
Right.
So how many states are there?
The states that.
It's.
Off and that is ideal as dirt plays minus one.
But as you can see, there is another work going on inside it.
So this fall is taking how much time off and in the worst case, that means it's this day starting from
zero and going to land right before Wednesday time doing it or work inside of it.
I'm just checking whether I do this palindrome or not by using this method.
Again, we can see that.
Let's say if I have method guard, it is palindrome.
Then what is the total complexity of this method?
So this method will have a total complexity of, of and into and it because as you can see, we are
memorizing it.
So the next time we call any of this grace, that means if any, are ego images being called again eight
and what will happen?
It will simply return from this particular part.
That means it's memory straight.
The human daughter states idea the end square and square.
It states for this and or in states for this and or in calculation for this.
Basically, all of this all of this function is doing and square time complexity with or in space complexity.
Right.
And what this also is palindromic function.
I'm just taking the complexity to it and square it because the eternal and square states.
And this it is.
And square less and square.
So end when states.
Into any workplace and square for palindromic parties is palindrome function.
Is palindrome eight the total will be and square only.
I hope you're realizing this problem and a very nice problem which can be solved, which is solvable
by using dynamic programming.
And yeah, thank you all and see you in the next part.